Hello here we are at the beginning of our implementation of the smart contract for the HCO initial at
COONTS offering.
So as you can see I started by getting the version of the compiler which is version of point four point
eleven.
That's the version I use at the time I implemented this smart contract.
But of course you might have another version which should also work and that's how you have to start
with solidity by just getting this version of the compiler.
And then we are ready to create the contract and to create a contract in city.
Well we start like this contract then we need to give a name to this contract and we're going to call
it that coin ICAO so that the name of our contract and then to define this contract we need to add here
some brackets and anything that happens inside the contract will be the definition of the contract.
So there we go.
Congratulations.
For those of you who just started their first their very first contract and solidity.
OK so in this contract we are going to start by defining the public variables.
That is the variables that can be accessed by anyone even outside the contract.
You know that's important to understand the difference between public variables and private variables
which we can differentiate here in solidity or even C++ a public variable is a variable that can be
accessed by anyone even outside the contract and the private variable is a variable that can be accessed
by only the people that are inside the contract.
OK.
So you'll see will defined some investors addresses and these will be the people for example inside
the contract.
But for now we're going to start by defining a public variable which will be the total number of coins
available for sale.
That is the total number of coins we are issuing and we're issuing 1 MILLION COINS.
Therefore one million at coins will be available for sale.
And so I'm going to introduce the new code section here with these double slashes for comment.
So you come in here and you could section which will be introducing the maximum let's say the maximum
or the total number of coins available for sale.
All right.
And according to you is this maximum number of coins available for sale going to be a public or private
variable.
Well a nice CEO which is deriving from an IPO initial public offering you know an IPO is for stocks
and NYCO is for crypto currencies or tokens.
But NYCO is public as an IPO so that you know anybody can invest in the tokens of the blood chain technology
that a company is building.
The ICU is public and therefore of course the maximum number of coins available for sale will be a public
variable and to make this a public variable we must first declare the type which is going to be a U
integer which means that it's an unsigned version of an integer meaning that the integer cannot be negative.
And more precisely it goes from 0 to the 32 bit limit which is 430 million that's the maximum number
that you entered you're going to have.
So here we have many of them but we're just going to take you and that's enough.
However if you want to issue 1 billion coins Well you will need to take the unit 128 you know to increase
the maximum limit and then to make this variable a public variable we simply add here public.
All right.
And then of course the name of the variable which we're going to call let's make everything crystal
clear Max at quoits the maximum number of coins available for sale which we can already initialized
its value.
We want to sell 1 million coins to the world and therefore this Max at variable will be initialized
to 1 million Do we have one million here.
Yes we do.
Perfect.
So that's our first variable a public variable.
The maximum number of coins available for sale had Owens.
No I prefer that coins.
All right.
So coins are good.
Now let's define the next public variable.
So the next variable is going to be an interesting one.
We are going to define the conversion rate from U.S. dollars to coins.
That is how many coins one dollar is going to be.
So let's take the bitcoin for example.
Remember in 2009 Well you can buy a pizza with ten thousand bitcoins and you know there is the story
of some guy buying a pizza with 10000 coins.
And I think the pizza was worth $20.
And so he paid the pizza with ten thousand bitcoins and there is a funny anecdote.
If he had kept for him his ten thousand Bitcoins instead of getting some pizzas.
Well in November 2017 which at the time I'm speaking was the highest point of the Bitcoin reaching something
around eighteen thousand dollars.
Well this guy would have a hundred million dollars.
So that's a funny anecdote but not that funny for this guy.
And if by any chance when they buy pizza with them at Cone's we never know.
Well make sure to think twice.
And so anyway we're going to define that rate.
And so the question is how many coins would you give for some pizza.
Well you would give an infinity of at coins because that coin is worth absolutely nothing.
But we're just going to pretend it's worth something.
And just for fun we're going to say that one dollar is one at coin.
All right.
So we're issuing $1000 at coins and therefore nuclearization year introducing the USD the two coins
conversion rate perfect.
So the U.S. add coins conversion rate and is that going to be a public or private variable.
Well of course it's going to be public.
Otherwise the ICU would sound fishy.
You know you don't know what you can buy with one dollar.
Don't give your money.
And so we're going to do the same I'm going to keep this to be efficient because it's going to be almost
the same we'll just need to replace the name of the variable.
So it's not going to be max at coins but let's say USD to add coins again let's make things crystal
clear.
And as we said one dollar equals one thousand at once.
Ok then let's not forget the semicolon right here and right here.
All right.
So everything looks good in the code so far.
And now we're going to have to define a third variable which will be a variable that will change its
value during the ICU because it's going to be the total number of coins that have been bought by the
investors.
And of course it's useful to have this variable to keep track of the CEO until all the coins are issued
you know until we have no coins left to sell.
And so third code section we're introducing the total number of coins that have been bought by the investors.
All right.
Introducing the total number of coins that have been bought by investors.
All good.
And again I'm asking the question is it going to be a public or private variable.
Well in an IPO or a nice year there must be a 100 percent transparency and also be able to see the number
of Atkins left inside to invest and therefore of course this variable is going to be again public.
So I'm going to copy this and paste it here.
And so this is going to be an integer public variable and then the name of this variable will be total
at coins.
But all right that's clear enough total at Cone's but and we will initialize it to 0 0 of course because
at the beginning of the ICAO no one no investor will have bought any coin and therefore it must start
at zero.
OK.
So that's it that's going to be it for this Statoil that was just the getting started tutorial for this
implementation to introduce all the required variables in the next one we're going to do something slightly
less easy but still quite easy.
We're going to do a mapping from the investors address to both its equity in coins and U.S. dollars.
So again check out the duck to get ready for this but it's a no brainer.
It's going to be quite easy.
Mapping is basically like a function you know a function that will take the address of the investor
and return its equity.
All right let's do this in the next tutorial.
And until then enjoy it.
Bludgeons.